remembering stories but witches see true
what they say elves are the original
sources of the continent when humans and
monsters arrived else taught us had to
come chaos into magic and the human
slaughter
chaos is the most dangerous thing in
this world
without control chaos will kill you
so that's all like this to you
monsters and manage it's all it needs to
be something out there weights fee
this child will be extraordinary
Jennifer imagine the most powerful woman
in the world
do you have what it takes
you can't outrun destiny just because
you're terrified of it
coming
I can't do this without you
no matter what you choose
we'll come out bloody
you
[Music]